TAMID chats have historically been an amazing way for the new class to integrate socially into
TAMID and learn from older members’ experiences. However, oftentimes, they come with some
hurdles. Scheduling around busy calendars is difficult. Predicting how a TAMID chat will go is
impossible. And using that precious time well is hard. How do you know who to TAMID Chat?
What are the vibes? What will you do? What are they interested in? Your task is to automate a
TAMID chat-matching system that addresses the planning and connection issues in TAMID
chats.

Client Pain Points

Difficulty in finding people to TAMID Chat outside IFC, TCF, and Education
Missing interactions with members of the club who aren't as active with the education
class

Struggle to relate and find activities to do during TAMID chats
No good unified tool to find people to TAMID chat, schedule the chats, and find new
members of the club

Messy communication and scheduling systems, where multiple chat opportunities can
get lost in Slack and in the member cards

Can’t predict a member’s personality before a TAMID chat so oftentimes never meet
people you connect well with early on

Need automation due to high amounts of data, number of members, and frequency of
TAMID chat interactions


Project Overview


Building this dynamic planner that implements a TAMID chatting algorithm to allow users to find
people to TAMID chat based on their interests, activity choices, and availability. This should
allow members to decide if they want to TAMID chat with someone for professional advice, for
shared interests, or for other relevant categories. This should integrate Google Calendar to deal
with availability, Slack for reminders, and a machine learning algorithm to match people based
on the specified parameters, including social and professional interests (Notion - member cards,
LinkedIn, + user input), along with historical chat patterns. This should also provide users with
an engaging dashboard, showing the leaderboard of current winners and other important
metrics.


Key Deliverables
1. A discovery algorithm to give people recommendations based on their interests and
reflections of users that integrates with their inputs
2. Automated Google Calendar integration for planning for each member of a group, and
automated Slack reminders
3. Support for data storage of how TAMID chats went and what users have done
4. Maps and Graphs: Leaderboards and diagrams to show who is chatting the most, and
weekly reminders of the member with the most TAMID chats for users; Data of strong
interactions to support mentorship and professional development data for admin
5. LinkedIn and Slack integration to build individual user profiles
6. Input and user authentication pages to support education users, committee admin, and
general member users




Task Breakdown :

1. Database Design and Management
Objective: Create a robust database schema to manage user access, record past
TAMID chats, and user reflections. This should also keep track of member cards to
minimize repetition.
Implementation:

Design schema for tracking places, locations, and users
Include tables for the users, activities, professional interests, and relevant
information.

Use a real-time database (e.g., Firebase or Supabase) or use Flask for an
integrated database

Ensure data privacy and secure user information


2. Backend & Matching Algorithm - Data from Notion, LinkedIn, and User Input
Enable TAMID chat pairing based upon user data, building profiles from TAMID notion
member cards and LinkedIn integration. Should also support the information the user
inputs about their interests and historical chats. Develop a machine learning algorithm to
match people for their chats, based on their respective interests (professional,
personal/activity, etc.)
Implementation:
Select a backend framework (e.g., FastAPI, Express.js)
Implement endpoints for:

User authentication

Points tracking and scoreboard integration with the frontend

Develop an algorithm to choose group-matching
Manage automatic point incrementation and player dashboard syncing when new
points are added to a group

Use Notion API and connect profiles with LinkedIn to create professional types
that plug into your chosen algorithm

Utilize ongoing TAMID Chat Matcher data to optimize algorithm

3. Calendar & Slack
Objective: Enable seamless availability matcher, live visualization, and reminders about
scheduled events.
Implementation:

Generate .ics files that record calendar data
Protect user calendar information but still share availability
Find common times, have an opportunity for confirmation, and a general Slack
reminder

4. Web Application and Dashboard
Objective: Build an intuitive, user-friendly interface for point tracking and managing
groups, with live displays of the current scoreboard and other dashboards.
Implementation:

Use a frontend framework (React.js or Next.js)
Create clean, responsive dashboards
Implement real-time updates for the chat tracking and match-making, as well as
dashboards and leaderboards
Have profiles for users and the ability to input matching wants

5. Authentication and Security
Objective: Ensure secure access and protect user information. Should have the ability
to log in as an admin (group-managing member) or as a user (invited member).
Implementation:

Implement role-based authentication
Secure user data and check-in information
Enforce HTTPS and secure authentication protocols
Provide options for privacy controls
